Matthew 19, if you have your Bibles open there to Matthew 19, I'm gonna be reading verses 16 through 22.
It's a short story, might be familiar to many of you.
And after I read it, we'll pray and we'll dig out this text together today.
So Matthew 19 starting in verse 16 says, now behold, one came and said to him, that is Jesus, good teacher, what good thing shall I do that I may have eternal life?
And so he said, Jesus said to him, why do you call me good?
No one is good, but one, that is God.
But if you want to enter into life, keep the commandments.
And he said to him, which ones?
And Jesus said, you shall not murder.
You shall not commit adultery.
You shall not steal.
You shall not bear false witness.
Honor your father and mother.
And you shall love your neighbor as yourself.
And the young man said to him, all these things I have kept from my youth.
What do I still lack?
And Jesus said to him, if you want to be perfect, go sell what you have and give to the poor and you will have treasure in heaven and come follow me.
But when the young man heard that saying, he went away sorrowful for he had great possessions.
Let's pause there and pray.
Father in heaven, we commit our Bible study to you now, Lord, that you would use your word to speak to our hearts today.
We're grateful for your love and your mercy in our lives and we pray that you would
reveal exactly what you want each of us to see and hear and understand from this passage today.
We give you praise, glory, and honor in Jesus' name.
And everybody said amen.
Well, this guy mentioned here in the story is unnamed in the Bible.
There's
There's no record of his name.
This story is recorded in three out of the four gospels.
Matthew, Mark, and Luke tell us this story.
And between all three of those books, we get a better understanding of a little bit about this guy.
Matthew tells us in particular that he's young.
That's verse 22.
Luke, when he records this story, tells us that he is a ruler, which probably means he is the ruler of a synagogue.
And all three gospels, Matthew, Mark, and Luke, tell us that he is wealthy.
So that's the description of this guy.
He is rich.
He is young.
He is successful.
And he's living in the first century Roman Empire.
So I want you to picture Mark Zuckerberg in a tunic.
Who is squelching your free speech.
But anyway, this is where
This is where we are here in verse 16 and he comes to Jesus and he asks a question.
This is the question, good teacher, what good things shall I do that I may have eternal life.
Now let's give the guy some props first, okay?
Because there's some good qualities about this guy and I wanna point him out with you and the first one is that he is in fact seeking eternal life and that's a good thing.
What exactly is eternal life?
Eternal life is the belief that there is life after death
that the human soul does live on after death, either in heaven or in hell.
That's the idea of eternal life.
And this guy is obviously seeking Jesus because he wants to know how to go to the heaven part of the afterlife.
Nobody needs directions how to get to hell.
We'll get there on our own very well.
Thank you.
But we need some help understanding, well, how do we get to heaven?
And this guy comes to Jesus and he asks this question, how can I have eternal life, the idea after I die, how do I get to heaven?
There are many people in the world like this guy.
They believe that heaven exists.
They hope to get there one day, but they're not sure how or if they will actually get there.
According to a recent CBS news poll, 66% of Americans believe that both heaven and hell exist.
I wish you were 100%, but that's the best that Americans are going to do, I suppose.
66% of Americans believe that both heaven and hell exist.
And among those who believe that both heaven and hell exist, 82% expect to wind up in heaven at the end of their lives.
2% say they expect to end up in hell.
9% don't think they will be in either place.
And if my math is correct, there's still another 7%.
I suppose it didn't have an opinion at all.
But when you look at the numbers here, you got at least love the raw honesty of the 2%.
I mean, the 2% of people are like, yeah, no, I'm going to go to hell for sure.
That's me.
No question about it.
No heaven for me.
I don't celebrate it.
I'm just saying you got at least respect their raw honesty there.
But you have to also be curious
about the 82%.
The 82% of people who really think they're gonna go to heaven, but a lot of whom probably have no idea how to really get there.
They just think, as the survey gave us the answer, that they're gonna end up there.
You don't just end up there.
You have to make a decision, and what is the decision, and how are you able to get there?
Well, if that's you today, if you have questions about that, and you're thinking, you know, I'm part of the 82%,
But I'm not really sure how or if I'm going to make it.
Or if you're part of the 2%, like I don't think I'm going to get there at all, stay tuned because I'll have more to say better than the course of our study together.
But one of the things that I love about this guy in this story is that he asks a question at this particular stage in his life.
And the stage that he is in, Matthew tells us, is he's young.
He's youthful.
That doesn't tell us his age exactly.
But it tells us specifically there in verse 22 and in verse 20 that he is young.
And I find it intriguing because most young people don't think about their own mortality.
Most young people are just living their lives as they want and they don't really think about the reality of death.
But everybody needs to at least think about that.
Everybody needs to understand
that we will all one day die.
Here's a statistic that has proven to be true.
10 out of 10 people die.
Young and old, rich and poor, educated and uneducated, male and female, no gender is spared, no person is exempt, no life is immune.
We all die eventually.
Ecclesiastes 8, 8, the Bible says, no man has power over the day of his death.
And Psalm 89 verse 48 says, what men can live and not see death or save himself from the power of the grave.
The fact of the matter is that nearly two people die every second.
More than 6,000 people an hour.
Roughly 155,000 people die every day and about 57 million people die each year.
No one outruns it.
and no one outmaneuvers it.
The finest surgeon might be able to enhance your life, but he or she cannot eliminate your death.
Pop all the pills you want, eat all the green vegetables you want, stay out of the sun, exercise regularly, and you might improve the quality of your life, but you cannot eliminate the inevitability of your death.
We all die.
And then what?
You need to figure it out because you cannot have a peace in life until you have an answer for death.
That's true.
You cannot have a peace in life until you have an answer for death.
So in our story here, that's where this guy is.
He's young, he's rich, he's successful, but he realizes that all that cannot help him with the question of eternal life.
And so he comes to Jesus here.
And the second thing that I
want to give this guy props for.
Number two is that he is doing a lot of things well.
Jesus is gonna point out some things and he's gonna acknowledge some things and what we learned about him is that he's doing some things well here.
When Jesus answers the guy's question, good teacher, what good thing must I do to inherit eternal life, to have eternal life, Jesus then gives him an answer, verse 17, look again in your Bibles, verse 17,
Jesus says, but if you wanna enter into life, keep the commandments and the guy says in verse 18, which ones?
And then Jesus is gonna rattle off some of the 10 commandments.
Starting in the middle of verse 18, Jesus said, well, let's start with this, when you shall not murder, that's commandment number six.
You shall not commit adultery, that's commandment number seven.
You shall not steal, that's number eight.
You shall not bear false witness, that's number nine.
Honor your father and mother.
That's number five.
And Jesus says, you shall love your neighbor as yourself.
Now that's not actually one of the Ten Commandments.
He's quoting Leviticus 1918.
Leviticus 1918 says that.
Love your neighbor as yourself.
But in quoting Leviticus 1918, what Jesus is doing is he's summarizing the 10th commandment.
The 10th commandment is not coveting your neighbor or anything that your neighbor has.
And so basically when Jesus quotes Leviticus 1918, he's saying, if you love your neighbors, you love yourself, you're not going to defraud your neighbor.
You're not going to covet your neighbor or anything that your neighbor has because you're going to love your neighbor as yourself.
So he's in essence summarizing the 10th commandment.
And what we have here are six out of the 10 commandments.
And Jesus says to this guy, all right, here's the list.
Don't murder, don't commit adultery, don't steal, don't bear false witness on your father.
Mother, love your neighbor as yourself.
How are you doing there?
And he says, the man says in verse 20, all these things I've kept from my youth.
Now he's a young guy.
So he says, he's already young and he says, I've kept all these from my youth.
There's not much of a gap there, right?
If you're already young and you say, I've kept these since I was a youth, you just haven't lived long enough kid to break these.
That's the reality.
But at the least, he's saying up until this point in my life, Jesus, I have kept these commandments.
Now, Matthew does not record Jesus' reaction, but when Mark tells this story in Mark 10, 21, it records Jesus' reaction.
When the guy says, all of these eyes kept, I have kept from my youth, in Mark 10, 21, it says, Jesus looked at him and loved him.
And I loved that.
I love that verse.
I love that reflection of the Lord because, you know, sometimes we think that God is all about shaming us for what we're not doing right.
And what we need to see about our Lord is that He loves us for what we're doing well.
And He appreciates what we do well.
Now He challenges us about what we're not doing well as He's going to challenge this guy, but He doesn't shame us or disown us in the places that we fall short.
He loves us.
and then he challenges us.
And this is what he does with this guy.
And so when Jesus points out several of the 10 commandments here, this guy basically says, I've checked all the boxes.
Yep, done all these things.
And so it's commendable.
He is seeking eternal life and he's doing a lot of things well.
But here's where it breaks down for this guy and why in the end we read in verse 22 that he walked away sorrowful.
He does not respond to Jesus the way that we hope that he would.
He represents a lot of people.
He's going to end up leaving and walking away sorrowful.
And so why?
Well, listen, here's where it breaks down for this guy.
Since he's doing well in a lot of these areas, six out of 10 commandments.
Yes, Lord, check, check, check, check, check.
I'm doing well in these areas.
He begins to think of himself as being a good person.
If you do a lot of good things well, you begin to think of yourself as a good person, and he translates that, he thinks, I'm basically a good person, so therefore I need to do something good also in order to have eternal life, in order to go to heaven.
That's his theology.
Everything with this guy is about being good or doing good, being good or doing good.
That's the emphasis.
Look again just at the question they asked Jesus in verse 16, good teacher.
What good thing shall I do that I may have eternal life?"
He's basically saying, like, Jesus, you're good.
I'm good.
We're all good.
So what good thing do I need to do to get to heaven, to have eternal life?
Dr. George Barna and the Cultural Research Center at Arizona Christian University found that most Americans, seven out of 10, or 69% of Americans,
believe that mankind is basically good.
Seven in 10 Americans believe that mankind is basically good.
That's not what the Bible says.
But that's what the majority of Americans believe.
And this guy in the story represents millions of people around the world who see themselves, A, as basically good, and B, who believe that they have to do good things in order to get to heaven.
This guy here is a microcosm of the rest of the population of the world.
trying to be a good person, trying to do good things.
What do I need to do that's good in order to have eternal life and to get to heaven?
And there's two problems with that belief system.
The first one is this.
No one is good except God.
Everybody needs to get this.
Now, I grew up listening to Linda Ronstadt.
How many of you grew up listening to Linda Ronstadt?
Oh, not very many of you.
You're afraid to raise your hands because then we all know that you did drugs.
But anyway,
I grew up listening to Linda Ronstadt, and I didn't need the Bible to understand that you're no good, you're no good, you're no good baby, you're no good.
I'm gonna say it again, you're no good, anyway.
I digress, but I didn't need the Bible.
I understood about the human nature.
We're no good in essence.
And if you didn't listen to Linda Ronstadt, let me tell you what the Bible says.
Listen to this, Romans 7, 18.
For I know that in me, Paul says, that is in my flesh, nothing good dwells, nothing good.
But my mommy told me that I'm one of a kind.
Well, I hate to melt your dreams, snowflake, but you're no different than anybody else in regards to human nature.
The Bible says in Romans 3, 10, there is no one righteous, not even one.
Every single one of us.
guilty before God.
Romans 3, 23, for all of sin and full short of the glory of God.
None of us measures up to the perfect standard of God.
Ecclesiastes 7, 20, for there is not a just man on earth who does good and does not sin.
So we gotta stop talking about how good people are.
People aren't good, not intrinsically, not the human nature.
Good is a very relative term and it can be used for a lot of things.
You can say, good morning, good night, good idea.
good food, good times, good game, good job, good humor, good grief, good and plenty, but don't say people are good because the human nature is not.
And here's the problem.
If we believe the narrative that I am basically good, then I will not see my need for God because only God is good.
Did you hear that?
If I believe, if anybody believes the lie, the narrative, that I am basically good,
then we will not see our need for God because only God is good.
The other fallacy of this guy in our story, which is similar to what a lot of people think today too, is that he has to do good things.
Not only does he think of himself as being good, but nobody's good except God.
But then he also thinks I have to do good things in order to gain eternal life.
Again, in his question, verse 16, good teacher, what good thing
Shall I do that I may have eternal life?"
The second important point here is that doing good things won't get us to heaven.
A lot of people think that doing good things does get us to heaven, but it isn't true.
Now it's natural for this guy to think that he has to do something good to get to heaven because he's rich, young, and successful.
He is used to working hard and doing a lot of things and then having a good result at the end of that day.
And so he translates that into his theology.
If you work hard and apply yourself, you'll be successful.
So now he thinks, if I work hard and apply myself, I'm going to be able to go to heaven.
What's the good thing I have to do?
He just didn't know which was the good thing.
But all along, he's applying his work ethic, which is noble, it's admirable.
We should all work hard.
We should all do well.
But he's thinking that that translates into my access to heaven, that if I work hard and do a lot of good things, then I'm going to be able to go to heaven.
And he's relying on his own ability.
He's relying on his own efforts.
on his own hard work.
That's the formula that he's always followed, so naturally he assumes that's how heaven works too.
But eternal life is one thing that Jesus is going to let this guy know he can't work to get and he can't pay to get.
Jesus did all the work for us on the cross, right?
Jesus did all the work for us on the cross.
Now listen, the fact that I don't have to do any good works
in order to be able to get to heaven or somehow get on God's good side should be liberating to us.
That should be freeing to us because it means you don't have to perform to get to God.
That's what that means.
Here's the difference between all of the world religions and Christianity.
All of the world religions basically teach that it's about man's effort to reach God.
That's really what all world religions teach.
Man's effort, what do you have to do?
How do you have to perform?
How do you have to behave?
What works do you have to accomplish in order to reach God?
Christianity is different.
In that, it's about a relationship and it's inverted.
It's not man's effort in trying to reach God, it's what God went to to reach man.
God condescended to our level.
That's what Christianity teaches.
That's why this is a relationship and that's why it's not based on my performance or my effort or my work.
It's based on what God has done for me.
Christianity is not a performance-based religion.
It is a grace-based relationship.
It is not based on my performance about what I do.
It is based on the grace of what Jesus has already done on the cross for me.
And it's a big distinction.
between what Christianity offers and what all other world religions offer.
And what that means for us is staggering.
It's not dependent upon me to do something.
I just have to respond to what was already done for me.
This is why Jesus said on the cross, it is finished.
It is finished because he accomplished that work for us.
But we come with our performance oriented mindset and we think, well, I can't be finished.
There's gotta be some stuff I've gotta do to contribute to this whole formula.
Well, that isn't true.
But if you think that, if you think that you have to be a good person and do good things in order to gain God's favor or in order to go to heaven, then my question for you is if you believe that, how good is good enough?
How good is good enough?
If you really think that, if you think, well, if I'm just a good person and I do good things, then I'll get to heaven.
What kind of confidence do you have in that system if you believe that?
What kind of confidence do you have that you'll ever make at the heaven based on your goodness?
I mean, does God grade on the curve?
Do you think God grades on the curve?
Do you think God's gonna throw out the lowest grades and just kind of equal the playing field in the class?
Do you think that God's like some traffic cop on a good day that you broke the law, but he's gonna just give you a pass anyway?
That's not how it works.
Does God have a big scale in heaven?
And hopefully you're thinking if you believe that kind of philosophy that your good deeds outweigh your bad deeds and then God's going to let you in?
Because I don't know what your scale looks like, but mine kind of tips the other way, doesn't yours?
You really think you're confident enough in all of your goodness that somehow that's gonna tip the scale in your favor?
Well, God doesn't operate that way.
He doesn't have some grand scale in heaven.
He doesn't great on the curve.
He doesn't try to level the playing field in that sense.
That philosophy of how I gain access to heaven by being a good person and doing good works gives me zero confidence.
I don't know, anybody can trust that if you have an ounce of honesty
about yourself.
So then, if you are honest about yourself and you realize your own good works won't get you there and you're not good enough to get there on your own, what is the answer?
When this guy asks Jesus the question in verse 16, good teacher, what good thing must I do in order to have eternal life?
Notice Jesus' answer in verse 17.
Jesus said to him, why do you call me good?
No one is good, but one that is God."
Now, it's very interesting.
Notice here how Jesus answers the question with a question.
The guy asks, what good thing must I do to have eternal life?
Jesus answers, why do you call me good?
He answers a question with a question because he's trying to draw out this guy's worldview.
Everybody comes at life from their personal perspective and their own worldview that gets shaped by different factors.
So to answer a question with a question is actually a very good communication tool so you can understand.
Help me understand where you're coming from and what certain words mean before I just blurred out an answer.
And so Jesus is drawing out from this guy, his worldview.
And here's the reason why he's asking this question of this young man.
Because he says to him, why do you call me good?
No one is good except God.
In other words, are you calling me good because you believe that I'm God?
And if you believe I'm God, are you willing to do what I'm about to tell you?
See, he's establishing and revealing the guy's worldview because if the guy believes that he's God and that's why he's calling him good, now he's accountable.
Are you going to do what I say?
If you call me good, then you must think I'm God.
If you think I'm God, are you about to obey what I'm about to tell you?
And so he's challenging this guy with a question to draw out his worldview.
He's trying to awaken this man's consciousness.
that he is in fact God, that Jesus is God.
And basically, again, Jesus is saying, if you call me good, then you're calling me God.
And if you're calling me God, are you going to do what I tell you to do?
Now, in the follow up to what Jesus now is going to tell him, Jesus says something that if I were to say, you all would think this is heresy.
And the reason is because Jesus points to some of the 10 commandments as the answer to the question of eternal life.
If you just obey some of the 10 commandments here, notice, I'll explain, but notice what Jesus does here again.
Between verses 17, 18, and 19, he draws this guy's attention to six out of the 10 commandments.
What about all these?
If you do all these, then you'll have life.
If somebody ever came up to me and said, what must I do to have eternal life?
And you overheard a conversation and I said, you know what?
Just obey the 10 commandments and you're good to go.
You'd be looking at me like, why don't you tell him about Jesus?
Why don't you tell him to believe in Jesus?
Why are you throwing out the 10 commandment thing?
Okay, listen, there's a reason why Jesus does this.
But you should wonder, why doesn't he just simply say believe in me and you'll have eternal life?
That was the scene in Acts chapter 16.
In Acts chapter 16, Paul and Silas are thrown in prison, unjustifiably so, but they're thrown in prison preaching the gospel.
There's a Roman soldier there of the Philippian jailer, and God brings about an earthquake to open up the prison doors.
Paul and Silas
Paul and Silas are able to leave the Philippian jailer being a Roman officer knows if the criminals escape under my watch, the Roman government will impose their penalty on me, so he's about ready to take his own life.
And Paul and Silas don't do that, don't do that, don't do that.
And the Philippian jailer looks at Paul and Silas and asks a very similar question to what this guy's asking.
He asks of Paul and Silas, what must I do to be saved?
Very similar, this guy's like, what must I do?
What good thing to have eternal life?
And Paul and Silas respond, they're in Acts 16 and they say, believe on the Lord Jesus Christ and you shall be saved, you and your household.
Now why didn't Jesus say something like that?
Just believe in me and you're good to go.
Why does he speak here about some of these 10 commandments?
Here's the reason.
Because Jesus is about to show the guy that obeying the commandments won't save a person.
You see, as much as this guy was good about obeying some of the commandments, Jesus was about to expose the guy's inability to obey all of the commandments.
And if you can't obey all of the commandments, it shows that you're not that good after all, and if you're not that good after all, what's your hope of ever getting to heaven other than a savior?
So he wants to expose this guy's false theology.
You think you're good, you're not.
You think you've done a lot of good things.
Let me tell you, let me expose the fact that you're not as good and you don't do as good of things as you think you do.
So here's what Jesus does.
When the 10 commandments were given from God through Moses, they were in two tablets of the testimony, two tablets.
Now a lot of people think the tablets were just evenly divided, five commandments on one tablet, five commandments on the other, they weren't.
They were four commandments on the first tablet, six on the second tablet.
The first tablet of the ten commandments, the first four commandments of the ten commandments are all vertical.
It's all about man's relationship with God.
That's the first four commandments of the ten commandments.
The second tablet was commandments number six through ten, and all those commandments were horizontal.
Man's relationship to each other.
When Jesus is quoting the Ten Commandments, you know which tablet he quotes?
The second one.
He quotes all of the commandments related to man's relationship to man.
And this guy responds positively.
I've kept all those commandments since I was a youth.
And Jesus looked at him and loved him because Jesus knew the guy's problem was not with the second tablet.
The guy's problem was with the first tablet.
Particularly, commandment number one and commandment number two.
Commandment number one, you shall have no other gods before me.
Commandment number two, you shall not make or serve any idols.
You know what this guy's problem was?
He had made money his God and success his idol.
And he was guilty of breaking the commandments.
Jesus starts with the tablet that he knows this guy has done well.
He looks at him and he loves him.
But this is why Jesus then says to him in verse 21 in your Bibles, if you want to be perfect, go sell what you have and give to the poor and you will have treasure in heaven and come follow me.
And he touched a nerve.
He touched a nerve.
He exposed this guy's heart.
He made this guy realize you're doing well on the horizontal.
You're not doing that well on the vertical, are you?
Because money has become your God and success has become your idol.
So when Jesus challenges him about why do you just sell everything you have?
Why don't you pry yourself loose from all your stuff?
Sadly, one of the saddest verses in the Bible is verse 22.
It says, but when the young man heard that saying he went away sorrowful for he had great possessions.
Now listen to me on this.
The issue was not that he was wealthy.
Deuteronomy 8, 18 says that God gives us the ability to produce wealth.
That wasn't the issue, the fact that he was wealthy.
The issue was that money had become his God and success had become his idol in violation of commandments one and commandments number two.
But instead of turning to Jesus and humbling himself and saying, you know what, you're right.
I've been worshiping, honoring and loving and living for other things besides God.
I might be doing well in the horizontal, but my vertical is a little weak here.
instead of humbling himself and saying, so therefore, what do I need?
And Jesus could then say, you need a savior.
He's using the commandments to expose this guy's heart to make him realize you're a lawbreaker.
You're guilty like everybody else.
It's wonderful that you've been obeying commandments six through 10, but you're weak on one through four.
So it's a helpful tool so that the guy would realize, I'm a lawbreaker and I'm guilty like everybody else in the world.
What do I need?
You need a savior.
You're not good enough, and the good things you do do aren't good enough in order to get you to heaven.
So therefore, what do you need?
You need a savior.
And instead of this guy just humbling himself, coming to the place where he says, you're right.
He walks away sorrowful because he had great possessions.
That was his God, those were his idols.
The actor Jim Carrey once said, quote, I think everybody should get rich and famous and do everything they ever dreamed of so they can see it's not the answer, end quote.
I think Jim Carrey is still seeking the answer, but at least I agree with what he says there.
We're all guilty of breaking God's commandments.
There's no answer for our sinful human condition except Jesus.
You don't need to leave here sad today like this young guy left sad after Jesus exposed his heart.
You can humble yourself.
You can come to the place.
where you acknowledge your own need for a Savior too.
Maybe you believed all your life.
It's about being a good person, doing good things, and then you're good to go.
I'm telling you that is not what the Bible teaches.
The Bible teaches that there is none righteous, no not one.
We've all sinned, we've all fallen short of the perfect standard of God.
We're all guilty before God.
But the good news is it's not based on my performance because the relationship with Jesus is not a performance based
a relationship based on what I do.
It's a grace based relationship because of what Jesus has done by dying on a cross.
He paid the price for me.
He took my sins for me.
He took my shame, my guilt, died for my sins.
And then the invitation is if I would just simply believe in Jesus and put my trust in him as my savior for what he has done, that's how you have eternal life.
Your sins forgiven.
knowing that you're going to heaven because of your faith in Jesus Christ is the only Savior given a demand by which we must be saved.
And so none of us is good enough, and none of us can do enough good things.
But Jesus has done the supreme thing by dying it across for our sins.
Do you know Him?
You might be part of that 82% that thinks, I'm going to end up there one day.
Well, do you know that for sure?
Or maybe you're part of the 2%.
I don't think I have any chance.
Yeah, there's absolutely a chance for every person.
You just have to humble yourself and believe in Jesus as your Lord and Savior.
Let's pray together.
I'm going to give you that invitation to trust Him right now.
Whether you're here in the sanctuary watching online or listening to this later by podcast, if you don't know Christ as your Savior, I want to invite you today, open up your heart to Him.
You might be a decent person.
You've tried all your life to do good things, but it's not good enough.
Or you might know about yourself, I'm not good at all.
That's okay.
Jesus died for every person.
There's none righteous, not one.
So Father, we humbled ourselves before you right now.
We're thankful that you died in a cross for our sins.
We can't improve upon it.
We can't work our way to heaven.
And none of us is good enough, but you alone are good because you're God.
and you sent your son Jesus to die in a cross, to do for us what we cannot do for ourselves.
We might have a relationship with you.
More than religion, this is a relationship based on what you've done for us.
So Lord, I pray right now for every man, woman, and young person who hears this study together and is at a place where they recognize their need for you today.
Maybe all their lives, they've thought that it's based on
the good things that they do, but today I pray they would realize it's the good thing that you've already done.
That they would put their faith and trust in you as Lord and Savior.
So I'm going to pause in my prayer with your head still bowed, your eyes closed.
If you want to trust Christ as your Savior, I'm going to lead in a word of prayer right now.
And you can jump in on this prayer.
You can pray it with me.
I'll go slowly.
So right where you're seated, you can just whisper this prayer, make it yours.
Receive Christ today.
Trust Him as your Lord and Savior.
You want to know how to have eternal life?
Believe on the Lord Jesus Christ, and you shall be saved.
He's our only answer.
There are not multiple paths to get to God.
There's only one.
Jesus said, I am the way, the truth, the life.
No man comes to the Father except by me.
So if you want to pray this prayer, just pray it with me.
Make it yours, too.
Just say, Lord Jesus.
Just whisper it, right to the Lord.
You just pray it right where you are.
Just say, Lord Jesus.
I thank you that you died in a cross for my sins.
I understand that I'm not a good person.
Nobody is.
But you did a good thing for me.
By dying in a cross for my sins.
So I confess my need for you today.
I ask you, Lord, to forgive me of my sins, to come into my heart and my life, to be my Lord and Savior.
I trust you today by faith in your finished work on the cross.
Thank you for loving me.
Thank you for dying for me.
Thank you for saving me.
In your name, I pray.
and all God's people said.
Amen.
If you prayed that prayer with me a moment ago, there's going to be a pastor down front here to hand out Bibles just so you can remember today's decision.
We praise God for you.
Let's give God praise for his infinite love for us.
Amen.
Thank you, Lord.
God bless you all.
Have a great day.
You're dismissed.